Actually Tracy brought this one up. Mischevious girls I’ll tell you. You never knew with them.

This happened a lot when I was going out or we were doing this together. Sometimes if they had no dates and wanted to go to a social or party, they would ask me, her younger brother by two years to go with them so they wouldn’t be bothered by guys coming on to them.

Sometimes though, Tracy had a bad habit of using me as an excuse to get her out of a corner. This time, I paid her back.

If I was walking with one of them and they saw a guy approaching that they knew and was hitting on them they would pretend I was their boyfriend. I remember it happened a few times.

So this would happen:

“Oh God there’s Brent,” Tracy said. She grabbed my arm and held it suddenly looking at me and laughing out loud at nothing.

“I love your stories Kurt,” she said. I gave her a look.

“Kurt?” I said.

“Just go along with me,” she hissed and smiled again laying her head on my shoulder.

“Tracy, hi. How are you?” Brent said stopping in front of us.

“Oh hi, really great, just really great,” she smiled holding my arm. “Oh, Brent, this is Kurt, my boyfriend.” I was seventeen here, Tracy nineteen.

“Hi,” said Brent holding out his hand as I took it. “Kurt, your a lucky guy. How did you snag this gorgeous girl? I’ve been trying to do it for a long time.”

I shrugged, “It was like I knew her all my life. She was dancing at a club and as soon as I saw her I thought, she’s the one. Right honey?” I said to Tracy.

She gave me her wide eyed, flaring nostril glare that meant, “WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?”

“What? Dancer? I thought you were a model. I didn’t know you were a dancer too. Where do you dance?” Brent asked, his voice incredulous.

“Oh, At the, ah Circle,” I said.

“The Circle? Never heard of it. Hey where is it. What kind of dancing Tracy?” he asked.

“Hey we’ve got to go man,” I said, “Come on sweetheart.” I grabbed Tracy around the waist and pulled her away.

“Bye,” Tracy said to Brent and we left Brent standing there staring at us.

Tracy gave me a hit on the arm. “DANCER!” How could you? He’s going to think I’m some stripper now,” she said.

“Yeah and it’ll drive him crazy trying to figure out where The Circle is,” I laughed. I made up The Circle.

“You are such a liar but that was really good,” Tracy said letting out a laugh. “Did you see the look on his face? Honestly RJ, you’re getting to be as good as I am. He’s going to be scouring the phone book looking for The Circle so he can come and see me dance.”

“And strip,” I said. I got another bash on the arm. “Thought I’d pay you back dear sister,” I said. “You get me in enough trouble.”

“Oh, I’m not letting you off that easy. Be ready for payback brother dear.”